What does President Nalan mean by this?
Will this project receive more support in the future?
Animals are also animal support.
Is the next step the hub?
Yes, yes, yes.
President Nalan is the first person of Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
Dialects are long, and the Chamber of Commerce is also one of Qiao's offices
The news he got
Yuanfei, let's take the initiative to compare you
Maybe the next step in this project
Can you really get the support of the center?
Hahahaha
Now it seems
If you insist again and again
Expand the complete range of all-origin tools
This has long been the project next step
News of central key support
This whistle
East-West advanced capabilities
Wei Wu is too amazing
I'm looking at Mr. Lin's face
Just give your Lin's Group a chance to cooperate
Now it seems
No need from now on
I Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
Cooperation projects with your Lin's Group
Terminate
I now declare
The next plan
According to the bustling new plan
Upgrade to the whole industry
Funding
Can be in place
If it weren't for Mr. Lin's relationship
Let alone expand cooperation to the whole industry
Even a power battery project
I, the China Chamber of Commerce, will not choose your Lin either.
S Group
Now you say it's over and it's over
Start when you say start
Are you taking my Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce as a dog?